What is Emmet?
Emment is extension in vscode which is used to write html tags with shortcuts,shortcuts converts into html code.
Example 
div>ul>li*5 

<div>
  <ul>
   	<li> </li>
   	<li> </li>
  	<li> </li>
        <li> </li>
  </ul>
</div>


if you are using the emmet then no need to write html tags manually.
to enable to this in vscode.
goto settings and goto extensions
select emment in extensions
goto include languages in emmet
add javascript in key and add javascriptreact in value

Difference between a Library and Framework?

Framework:
t is a tool that provides a developer with the required libraries, compilers,
APIS, toolsets, etc.
The framework controls the flow of the application and decides when to call a library.
Example: iPhone 
Library:
It is a collection of reusable, compiled, and tested code blocks built by developers.
It is used to ease the development process by helping implement specific tasks.l
The developer controls the flow of the application and decides when to call a
library
Example: Android


What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDNs are very useful for a multitude of reasons. For website owners who have visitors in multiple geographic locations,
content will be delivered faster to these users as there is less distance to travel. CDN users also benefit from the ability 
to easily scale up and down much more easily due to traffic spikes. On average, 80% of a website consist of static resources 
therefore when using a CDN, there is much less load on the origin server. KeyCDN users can also take advantage of faster speeds due 
to optimized HTTP/2 supported edge servers using a customized TCP stack.CDNs are very useful for a multitude of reasons. For website owners 
who have visitors in multiple geographic locations, content will be delivered faster to these users as there is less distance to travel. 
CDN users also benefit from the ability to easily scale up and down much more easily due to traffic spikes.On average, 80% of a website 
consist of static resources therefore when using a CDN, there is much less load on the origin server.KeyCDN users can also take advantage 
of faster speeds due to optimized HTTP/2 supported edge servers using a customized TCP stack.

Why is React known as React?

React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. 
Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks 
around and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” or change with those user events.

What is crossorigin in script tag?

The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain. Basically, 
it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle the CORS request that checks whether it is safe to allow for 
sharing the resources from other domains. The resources may include Audio, Video, Images, Link or external script that specifies
whether to support a cross-origin request or not.

What is diference between React and ReactDOM?

React is for the components and react-dom is for rendering the components in the DOM. 'react-dom' acts as a glue between components and DOM.
You will be using render() method of the react-dom to render components in the DOM and that's all you have to know when you are starting off with it.


What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times
hot reloading ability in those builds.
The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. 
The production build runs uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images
and of course any other sources you're loading with Webpack. There's also no hot reloading included. Source Maps might be included as 
separate files depending on your webpack devtool settings.